hello welcome to the kitchen I'm Juliet
Simone de liner and today we're gonna
make storm on a stick
what do you call the sheets with no legs
I don't know cloud good one Delilah
well I should get started ok so to make
my storm a stick
we're gonna do some meringues which are
going to be clouds so we're going to use
some egg whites and some white castor
sugar and we're gonna whip up and make
some right and we've made meringues
before these at all so it's not too
difficult
we'll start off just beating them slowly
and then we'll turn up please spinach
would you like to go yeah that's waiting
now to start adding in our sugar we're
gonna add our sugar in about a large
tablespoon at a time and then we're
gonna whisk it in so you can be ready to
add a little bit more as I need it okay
[Music]
so look at that's lovely and stiff so to
make them a bit stormy we can add a
little bit of black food coloring sort
of cool nice and grain stormy was it
lovely still me meringue nice and fluffy
isn't it and now we're gonna put it into
a bag and then we can place our flowers
Rhydian so that's all done so in our
piping bag designer we have got a large
round nozzle so we can pipe our clouds
if you don't have a large round muzzle
you can just snip a hole in the end but
we're quite lucky because I've got all
of the nozzles of an eye and we have got
a baking tray with some parchment on
there and we've just made a little
template and we've drawn a cloud on the
back haven't we so you can do any cloud
shape you want so to stop the paper from
wiggling all around the place just get a
little bit of meringue on your baking
tray like that so that when we type on
it it'll be keeping nice and still
so that is a top tip there so you
remember that one won't you so you just
need to go inside the template and try
and keep them as kind of neat as you can
because when we put them together a
storm clouds we're going to sandwich
them and something I want them to kind
of like stick together so I'm just
pumping now watch when you pie with
meringues we want to keep nice and close
to the baking sheet so don't do it from
above so this you can go very near to it
and then I can just squeeze and go from
like that Suns going round the edge
and on the bottom and then just fit it
in and then just stop squeezing and go
wait so that's really good Delilah and
we have got a bit more meringue left in
our bag so we can do another couple of
batches but we're going to pop those in
the oven on a low temperature for at
least an hour or so and we're gonna make
sure they're nice and dried out so we'll
pop those in and we'll come back when
they're all baked so they're all baits
they look pretty good don't they
we've got our pairs of meringues and
we're going to sandwich them together to
make storms on the steak so what do you
think we should put inside to make a
storm yeah so we're gonna make
sprinkling rain so you can use any spoon
because you like we've got some really
nice kind of colourful ones here so so
let's open up each one and we're going
to use this to stick the clouds together
and hold the rain the rainy sprinkles in
so I'll show you one and then you can do
the rest so we just need to go again
we've got a piping bag like that just
kind of squeeze it
and then I'm gonna put a little bit more
stick there because we're gonna add a
stick yeah so now what we can do is get
our sprinkles I'm just gonna place them
just inside the icing get a stick and
we're gonna pop that on there and then
we're gonna take the other cloud and
just close it up so you've got all this
brings us light inside we'll have to
leave them to dry one way so should we
get those all stuck together there we
only wiped up Oh Delilah look I didn't
have my clip I've got the clip Delilah I
know I am silly answer I should have let
you be in charge fantastic they look
good don't they yeah so we just need to
wait for these two sets they're probably
taking two or three hours till they can
set and then we'll be ready to give them
give them away we can eat them you can
shake them so we'll come back in there
all set okay we clear away yeah yeah so
we're back on Moran storm and the sticks
have sex and I think they look really
good don't use it either yeah they
really could have been really fun for a
party or anything really wouldn't they
you know you can get this them shiny
spray I even have a try and make them
look a bit shiny should we give it a go
oh look quite glittery don't know it
together sighs well done Delilah really
enjoyed making those at you yeah Cheers
inside Wow it's raining raining
sprinkles hmm they're really good aren't
they mm-hmm YUM
well I hope you enjoyed the video for
more videos check out the BBC cook food
YouTube channel bye
[Music]